Adding disabledByMicrosoftStatus property for App and SP resources (#12678)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/application.md

| appRoles | [appRole](approle.md) collection | The collection of roles assigned to the application. With [app role assignments](approleassignment.md), these roles can be assigned to users, groups, or service principals associated with other applications. Not nullable. |
| createdDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The date and time the application was registered. The DateTimeOffset type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only. |
| deletedDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The date and time the application was deleted. The DateTimeOffset type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only. |

> |disabledByMicrosoftStatus|String|Specifies if the registered application object has been disabled by Microsoft and the reason why. These reasons may include suspicious/abusive activity, malicious activity, and/or a violation of the Microsoft Services Agreement. Possible values are: <ul> <li>null - default value</li> <li>1 - NotDisabled </li> <li>2 - DisabledDueToViolationOfServicesAgreement</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disabledByMicrosoftStatus | String | Specifies whether Microsoft has disabled the registered application. Possible values are: `null` (default value), `NotDisabled`, and `DisabledDueToViolationOfServicesAgreement` (reasons may include suspicious, abusive, or malicious activity, or a violation of the Microsoft Services Agreement). |
```
